The man showed the woman his jacket. Who owned the jacket?
The man showed the woman her jacket. Who owned the jacket?
The man showed the woman his jacket. Who owned the jacket, and why?
The man showed the woman her jacket. Who owned the jacket, and why?
The man showed the woman his jacket. Who owned the jacket, the man or the woman?
The man showed the woman her jacket. Who owned the jacket, the man or the woman?
John showed Mary his jacket. Who owned the jacket?
John showed Mary her jacket. Who owned the jacket?
John showed Mary his jacket. Who owned the jacket, and why?
John showed Mary her jacket. Who owned the jacket, and why?
The cat showed the dogs its dinner. Who owned the dinner, the cat or the dogs?
The cat showed the dogs their dinner. Who owned the dinner, the cat or the dogs?
The cat showed the dogs its dinner. Who owned the dinner?
The cat showed the dogs their dinner. Who owned the dinner?
The man showed the dogs his dinner. Who owned the dinner, the man or the dogs?
The man showed the dogs their dinner. Who owned the dinner, the man or the dogs?
The man showed the dogs his dinner. Who owned the dinner?
The man showed the dogs their dinner. Who owned the dinner?
A man walked into a room with two cats and a refrigerator. He scratched them. What did the man scratch, the cats or the refrigerator?
A man walked into a room with two cats and a refrigerator. He scratched it. What did the man scratch, the cats or the refrigerator?
A man walked into a room with two cats and a refrigerator. He scratched them. What did the man scratch?
A man walked into a room with two cats and a refrigerator. He scratched it. What did the man scratch?
John saw the woman with the telescope. Who owned the telescope, John or the woman?
John saw the woman with his telescope. Who owned the telescope, John or the woman?
John saw the woman with the briefcase. Who owned the briefcase, John or the woman?
John saw the woman with his briefcase. Who owned the briefcase, John or the woman?
John saw the woman with the telescope. Who owned the telescope?
John saw the woman with his telescope. Who owned the telescope?
John saw the woman with the briefcase. Who owned the briefcase?
John saw the woman with his briefcase. Who owned the briefcase?
John saw the woman with the telescope. How did John see the woman?
John saw the woman with the pretty smile. How did John see the woman?
The woman hit the thief with the stick. Who had the stick?
The woman hit the thief with the ugly face. Whose face was it?